I have opened what's called? I don't know. I don't know. Is that what it is called? Sander clothes?
Whatever. Even though there's no chimney, but something is delivered to me.
This is here, like three things that I'm going to open. Open! Wow! This is...
Look at this!
Wow! Thank you. This is really... Look at this!
Wow! This is true. And then as well as this. Thank you very much. Thank you.
This is, again, and it is... Do you remember the "Ceaseless Echoes of the Great Silence"?
And many of you know that. This is... That we revised it, revised the version of the "Ceaseless
Echoes",
and that walked by very much with great effort for a long time. Our Andrew.
Andrew walked on this and added a lot of... A lot of... Let's call it. A lot of clarifications and
glossaries.
And we have very nice glossary that can have easy understand of this book. And as well as others,
too, is really one of these.
And then this is the photo, of course, both of us came between myself, that many, like Lorraine and
others,
like they thought this photo is good because this is the photo talking in the Wachowspig mountain,
where the Buddha keep these teachings of that. And then this backside also,
this photo is on the Wachowspig mountain. I think maybe at the years ago,
when you and him, we both went there, somebody told us, so this is what the...
That "Bhanyaparam of the Ceaseless Echoes".
And then this is, again, Cynthia walked so hard. He's been so kind and have so many booklets.
[Applause]
Books and the booklets, and this is one of those garland, what's called here,
is a practice guide for the contemplation of the poor thought that turned the mind from the samsara
,
and opening the door of the Dharma trailer series, and this is the fourth.
And the jewel, like Bhungma, thank you. Thank you very much, Cynthia, and thank you very much,
Angel,
and thank you very much, Lorraine, and Chakra, and Laya, and then Sandy, and they walked so hard.
And Sandy, and metal knots, right? Metal knots. And really on these things, all this to bring this.
And so I'm so grateful and thankful, so many Sangha members are helping us to bring up all these so
many books,
and I believe, and Ken will mention that too many times, because I believe these books will help,
because it really will stay there, the same line in the course of the Buddha teaching,
and what great monks have taught, there's nothing that we've made up anything for the suitable kind
of some course in that.
But it's all in really the Buddha line of the Buddha teaching.
So therefore, it's been a nugget of gold, the Buddha teaching, Buddha teaching being a nugget of
gold,
in which, personally, you are in the past, it is in prison, it will be future,
and therefore, it's a small contribution to those who practice it, or who enters down the Dharma,
so that more understands.
And I'm so grateful and so thankful to all of your help and support, and this is what I'm saying.
Thank you, Ken. Thank you.
Thank you.